com/example/studentreminder/database/AppDatabase.java
 com.example.studentreminder.database.AppDatabase
com/example/studentreminder/EditEventFragment.java
 com.example.studentreminder.EditEventFragment
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/EditEventItemBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.EditEventItemBinding
com/example/studentreminder/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.studentreminder.BuildConfig
com/example/studentreminder/database/UserDao.java
 com.example.studentreminder.database.UserDao
com/example/studentreminder/models/User.java
 com.example.studentreminder.models.User
com/example/studentreminder/models/CategoryItem.java
 com.example.studentreminder.models.CategoryItem
com/example/studentreminder/models/ToDoItem.java
 com.example.studentreminder.models.ToDoItem
com/example/studentreminder/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.studentreminder.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/studentreminder/models/UpcomingEvent.java
 com.example.studentreminder.models.UpcomingEvent
com/example/studentreminder/database/ToDoItemDao.java
 com.example.studentreminder.database.ToDoItemDao
com/example/studentreminder/database/CategoryItemDao.java
 com.example.studentreminder.database.CategoryItemDao
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/HomeBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.HomeBinding
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/FragmentEditEventBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.FragmentEditEventBinding
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/CategoryListItemBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.CategoryListItemBinding
com/example/studentreminder/viewmodels/CategoryViewModel.java
 com.example.studentreminder.viewmodels.CategoryViewModel
com/example/studentreminder/viewmodels/ToDoViewModel.java
 com.example.studentreminder.viewmodels.ToDoViewModel
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/EditEventBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.EditEventBinding
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/NewCategoryBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.NewCategoryBinding
com/example/studentreminder/MainActivity.java
 com.example.studentreminder.MainActivity
com/example/studentreminder/EventSettingsAdapter.java
 com.example.studentreminder.EventSettingsAdapter
 com.example.studentreminder.EventSettingsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/EventSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.EventSettingsBinding
com/example/studentreminder/viewmodels/UserViewModel.java
 com.example.studentreminder.viewmodels.UserViewModel
com/example/studentreminder/UserProfileFragment.java
 com.example.studentreminder.UserProfileFragment
 com.example.studentreminder.UserProfileFragment$1
com/example/studentreminder/api/USUCanvasAPI.java
 com.example.studentreminder.api.USUCanvasAPI
 com.example.studentreminder.api.USUCanvasAPI$1
 com.example.studentreminder.api.USUCanvasAPI$2
 com.example.studentreminder.api.USUCanvasAPI$InvalidTokenException
 com.example.studentreminder.api.USUCanvasAPI$OnRequestCompleteListener
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/UserProfileBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.UserProfileBinding
com/example/studentreminder/EventSettingsFragment.java
 com.example.studentreminder.EventSettingsFragment
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/FragmentEventBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.FragmentEventBinding
com/example/studentreminder/databinding/HeaderNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 com.example.studentreminder.databinding.HeaderNavigationDrawerBinding
com/example/studentreminder/EventAdapter.java
 com.example.studentreminder.EventAdapter
 com.example.studentreminder.EventAdapter$1
 com.example.studentreminder.EventAdapter$OnEditClicked
 com.example.studentreminder.EventAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/studentreminder/EventFragment.java
 com.example.studentreminder.EventFragment
